(check) display a list of folders and get the style looking good (fake data for now)
make it work with the database
    (check) create a folder schema
    (check) write code for connecting to the database
    (check) configure and use a .env folder for your database password and hit it from github
    (check) write DB endpoints for adding, retrieving, and deleting folders
    (check) RANDOM: move connectToDB to a subdirectory
    (check) let's go ahead and serve the frontend from the backend so we don't have to deal with cors (i think that's how it works?)
        (check) put the front end files in their own folder
        (check) set up a callback for GET requests to / that uses res.sendFile to send index.html, style.css, and script.js to the frontend
        (cool!) NOTE: might have to use express.static middleware but not sure
            ohh!!! I see how it's done now...you only use express to send the html file, but when your browser sees <script> and <link> tags it comes back and asks your server for those...so that's why you need to set express.static so that your browser knows where to look...
    display folders on the frontend
        we'll need a function that fetches the appropriate URL (GET root + folders/)
        make sure you save the root url as a variable at the top of the file (localhost:3000 for now)
        a javascript function gets the folders as a list from the server
            NOTE: wouldn't it be better to have the REST API and the server on the same machine?
        loop through .folder elements assigning their folder name (later you can do sorting)

    delete folders from the frontend
        -we need to be able to select a folder.  that is, when we click on it, it's color should change and stay changed, and we should save it's value (name) to a global variable somewhere
        -we have a button underneath .folder-box. it's red minus icon. we need to make it look good.
            -assign it a click event callback function that fetches (DELETE root + folders/ + name/) (remember name is stored in a global)
            -when it returns, we should remove .folder from the frontend, or display an error message (just do it as an alert() for now)
        
    add folders from the frontend
        -we have a button underneath .folder-box.  it's a green plus icon.  its click callback should fetch POST root + folders/ + name/ (where name is the global variable selected_folder.name)
        -when we hear back from the api, we should either display an error message (if the name is already taken) or add the new folder
    and that's it...

shouldn't need to refresh the server on changes to the backend or frontend